"Learn" section update (#52)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-faq.md

_This FAQ focuses on technical questions for users interested in developing applications for Polkadot.  If you have a more general question, you may wish to search for the answer on the main [Polkadot Network FAQ](https://polkadot.network/faq).  If you have a question which is not answered, please feel free to ask on the Polkadot Watercooler [Riot channel](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#polkadot-watercooler:matrix.org)._

### How many validators will be online at Mainnet launch?

Somewhere between 50 - 100, increasing to 1000 or so later on. [Source](https://youtu.be/IRc5Jma_eH8?t=1630)

### How do I apply to be a validator?

### How does consensus on the relay chain work?

Please see the page on the [GRANDPA](learn-GRANDPA) finality gadget.

### What is the expected block time on the relay chain?

> The Kusama network is currently operating at a rate of one block approximately every eight to ten seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kusama network is currently operating at a rate of one block approximately every six seconds.
```

The expected block time on the mainnet Polkadot chain is estimated to be limited
by the theoretical limits of the peer-to-peer networks of the validators.
Since there is no forced time between blocks due to Proof-of-Work and the only

> overhead onvValidators is to validate state transitions, the block times should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
overhead on validators is to validate state transitions, the block times should
```

> be quite fast. Two or three seconds may not be unreasonable after optimizations  However, the specific block time will probably begin at a rate similar to Kusama.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be quite fast. Two or three seconds may not be unreasonable after optimizations  However, the specific block time will probably begin at a rate similar to Kusama. It also may potentially be longer (up to 10 - 15 seconds) due to the constraint of networking all parachain data.
```

Reviewer 2: Missing `.` before `However`.

the validators on the relay chain whom validate each transition, the security
of the parachain and the Polkadot network is completely separate from parachain
economics. Parachains need collators to continue to progress, so it wouldn't be
unreasonable to see them incentivize collator nodes in some way but it is completely up to parachain implementers.

### Can I buy or transfer DOT tokens?

Testnet DOT tokens are freely available from a variety of sources - see the [DOT page](learn-DOT) for details.

Kusama tokens are available via the [claims process](https://claim.kusama.network/) (if you have already purchased DOTs), the frictional faucet (online soon), or via [grant request](http://grants.web3.foundation) from the Web3 Foundation.

> The Web3 Foundation will distribute up to 20% of mainnet DOTs prior to network launch (see [Light Paper](https://polkadot.network/Polkadot-lightpaper.pdf) or the [Polkadot Network FAQ](https://polkadot.network/faq/)). As Project Founder Gavin Wood said in his year-end recap, there may be a generally available public sale for some portion of that amount at some point this year. Subscribe to the Polkadot newsletter on [polkadot.network](https://polkadot.network/) for further updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web3 Foundation will distribute up to 20% of mainnet DOTs prior to network launch (see [Light Paper](https://polkadot.network/Polkadot-lightpaper.pdf) or the [Polkadot Network FAQ](https://polkadot.network/faq/)). As Gavin Wood, one of the project's founders, said in his year-end recap, there may be a generally available public sale for some portion of that amount at some point this year. Subscribe to the Polkadot newsletter on [polkadot.network](https://polkadot.network/) for further updates.
```
